Now welcome back in this section on Detecting Harris Corners.
I hope you like the exercise and
computing gradients with the Sobel operator in the last section.
Now what we want to do here now,
is to use those gradients to define a function for uniqueness or columnists,
which gives us a set of key points in an image that we can use for tracking.
Now one of the most famous methods to detect
such points is the so-called Harris Corner Detector,
which dates way back to the 1980's but it's still used in many applications today.
Now the basic idea of this detector is to look for areas of significant change in
the image by evaluating a local neighborhood around each pixel and based on this concept,
Harris to find a so-called colonists measure,
which takes the image gradients as input and provides a number as
output that is high at locations where there is change in all directions.
The reason why you should learn how the Harris Detector works is that,
it teaches several basic computer vision concepts
and gives you an understanding of the concept of key points,
and this helps you understand and also appreciate
the other concepts which we will take a look at later in this course.
Okay, so that's it for the intro,
now it's your turn to locate some corners.